in session or paschal xavi
I want a tractor to be happy
have my farm and cultivate it live the
land and enjoy the self to be happy
I want a tractor that we see now
with this joy we are going to start the
analysis of farming simulator 15 the bad
to be an urbanite is that one
believing that the eggs come from the
fridge milk of the tetrabrik and chicken
well of the super
luckily games like farming simulator
they give us face to face with reality and we
They teach cultivate to produce our
own elements and take advantage of
resources of mother earth
we are farmers because for years
ryan software has been offering us
videogames that show us the
weight of agriculture in our
highly industrialized society
delivery other deliveries have been improved
this simulation and today for not
There is a study that I know how to move from
so realistic in quotation marks and
elaborated life as a farmer
I released first started in October
2014 ps4 and xbox one and they already have in their
catalog this farming simulator 15 that
take advantage of the possibilities offered
to allow us to cultivate
and collect then in new generation
that yes to start you have to know how
minimum so what is cultivating plow the
land sow and so on that already
we take for granted in this game of
strategy we start with three tractors
a small trailer a combine a
cultivator a plow and a sower that
will be acquired through a loan
bank that must eventually be
paid thanks to the tutorial we learn to
move and use the first
tools although the handling then can
be something complicated for beginners
as it is my case until we take out
advantage of the utility of these
first then we will not start to squeeze
the game to the maximum the wood of the
trees that we can masters because we can
provide a multitude of resources and
benefits as we sell or use
as such or transform it into
biofuel in addition to the felling of
wood the cattle also debuts in this
delivery getting many resources in your
management to go getting more
money then we can make them with new
tractors best tools
facilities and so on as well as
hire workers to deal with
of certain Jews although we can always
hire five other players
connected incentive because it gives a
plus fun forum 140 tractors
and accessories of 40 well-known manufacturers
they await us in order to be bought for
have a greater benefit so that
have all our farms in full
performance and control all the
aspects arriving on time to each of
the active zones that we have is
primordial to become the
definitive farmer as in life
real the one in the field has its rhythm
well
so it is very much appreciated that we can
accelerate time as it relates
to crops and other harvesting is
that does not affect driving vigo
rise to its normal speed the different
play areas that await us are going
offering greater challenges and new
lands in which to create farms
agricultural and livestock the list of
commissions and missions that offers us
farming simulator 15 is varied although
Many of the missions are similar to
those of previous deliveries but with
landscapes because something different we have or
no knowledge of the different brands
of tractors and other accessories you have to
indicate that your visual representation
It is excellent counting on brands
highlighted and real vehicles faithfully
represented one of the best points
of the game we already know that control this
type of vehicles it is not easy but
its management is botox, although it is
adapted very well the configuration to
pad and both consoles the movement of
the tractors its handling and especially
their physics present a wide margin
of improvement without elements that is destroyed
Do not scratch excessively after a collision
against elements of the environment and with a
answer not so
effective as expected the
artificial intelligence could also
be more elaborate since sometimes
He does not inform us as he should in
certain occasions of whether or not we are
doing what is right
cause us to return to the point of
saved previous or that we spend
resources unnecessarily as per
example post gasoline the potential of
both consoles are especially noticeable in
the modeling and texturing of the
different tractors and other machinery
but leaves a little aside the environment that
it surrounds us something looser in its
representation there are striking prints
yes, thanks to the influence of the sun
in their different time courses and the
animals are credible
we can say that although it does not boast of
a brutal potential continues to fulfill
pretty good at offering a broad
Credible and alive game space
travel without charges regarding the section
sound the sound enhances the noise of
the heavy machines that we control and
this is the strong point of this route it
gives little prominence to the different
animals there is no soundtrack that
follow our progress and this section
Well, there is something like
farming simulator 15 meets pretty
well its purpose is not a game for
all for its mechanical rhythm and
especially for its theme but
presents a pretty improvement
significant compared to its previous
of deliveries with aspects to Paul and yes
but with many more options and
depth of game than their predecessors
a remarkable debut of the ip in ps4 and xbox
band